1. What is a network?
    A network is n amount of computers interconnected usually via a router.

2. What is the internet?
    The internet is a global network of networks that connects computers all over the world. Uses TCP/IP protocol suite.

3. What is an IP address?
    IP address stands for Internet Protocol address, which is a series of four numbers separated by dots ie. 192.168.1.10

4. What is a router?
    Router is a computer that receives message from a sending computer and forwards it to the correct receiving computer.

5. What is an ISP?
    ISP stands for Internet Service Provider. ISP is a company that manages some special routers that are all linked together
    and can also access other ISPs' routers.

6. What are packets and how are they used to transfer data?
    Chunk of data sent over the internet. Data is sent in packets because they are sometimes dropped or corrupted, 
    and it's easier to replace small chuinks when this happens.

7. What is a client?
    Client is the typical web user's internet-connected device, and web-accessing software available on those devices.

8. What is a server?
    Servers are computers that store webpages, sites or apps. When client requests a webpage, 
    a copy of it is downloaded from the server onto the client machine.

9. What is a web page?
    A web page is a document which can be displayed in a web browser. More commonly known as pages.

10. What is a web server?
    A computer that hosts a website on the internet. See question 8.

11. What is a web browser?
    Web browser is a software application for accessing the web. When a client requests a web page, 
    the browser will retrieve it from the server and the browsers rendering engine displays it to the user.

12. What is a search engine?
    A search engine is a web service that helps clients find other web pages.

13. What is a DNS request?
    A DNS request is a request for information sent from the clients computer to the server. 
    In most cases a DNS request is sent, to ask for the IP address associated with the domain name.



